The Solar Flux Index is one hundred sixty-eight (reported during the morning reading).
The sunspot number is one hundred eight, covering roughly seven hundred twenty millionths of the solar hemisphere, with one new region observed, as of October fourteenth, twenty twenty-five based on UTC time.
The planetary K index at eighteen oh six UTC is zero, indicating quiet conditions.
The planetary A index is zero.
The planetary noise estimate measures at the baseline.
The mid-latitude Boulder K index data is unavailable.
The Boulder noise estimate is unavailable.
WWV reports the estimated planetary K index at eighteen hundred UTC is one.
The WWV estimated planetary A index is eight.
WWV lists solar flux at one hundred fifty-four.
WWV reports the past day was minor.
WWV forecasts the next day to be moderate.
WWV observed R1-level radio blackouts.
WWV expects R2-level radio blackouts are likely.
The solar wind speed is four hundred ninety-two kilometers per second with solar density measuring two point eight five nine particles per cubic centimeter and temperature at eighty-eight thousand sixty-one Kelvin according to ACE.
The X-ray flux on the zero point one to zero point eight nanometres band is eight point three four times ten to the negative sixth power watts per square metre, class C eight point three from GOES-18.
On the zero point zero five to zero point four nanometres band the flux is eight point nine six times ten to the negative seventh power watts per square metre, class B nine.
Here is the twenty-four hour flare outlook.
There is a ninety-nine percent chance of a C-class flare, there is a sixty percent chance of an M-class flare, and there is a fifteen percent chance of an X-class flare.
The ten mega-electron-volt proton event probability is ten percent.
The polar cap absorption is green.
G1-G2 (Minor-Moderate) geomagnetic storm conditions are likely over 16-17 Oct due to the arrival of multiple CMEs from 11-13 Oct.
Minor to moderate (R1-R2) radio blackouts are likely for the next 3 days, with a slight chance for an isolated R3 (Strong) event, due to the current and potential flare activity of Regions 4246 and 4248.
There is a slight chance for a greater than 10 MeV proton event above the S1 (Minor) levels through 17 Oct.
Predicted Ap values are twelve, twenty-eight, and twenty-five from October fifteenth through October seventeenth.
